Aditya Shah  0:05  
It, I was able to come into uni today, so just like whenever you had later, just let me know, and I'll get on the bus without somehow to do that. Let me double check the gate closing time. I think I said for 530 but let me double check we need to be at airport for the airport for 545 latest. So let's grab a bus at 430 like you have a 430 bus,

Andrew Robertson  0:47  
yeah, okay, wait

Aditya Shah  0:51  
the gate.

Andrew Robertson  0:53  
The quickest way is to bus to to Oxford Road station and then get a train.

Aditya Shah  0:59  
No, bro, if you take a bus, it's literally like 10 minutes, like, that's for you, but it's literally like 10 minutes. What do you call slower? If you take a bus, it's actually not that big of a difference. You sure? Yeah. I mean, you could take the train if you're on either directly,

Unknown Speaker  1:15  
22 minutes longer, yeah, then you

Aditya Shah  1:17  
want to wait for the train as well. Don't forget, in between. So train

Andrew Robertson  1:23  
is every 15 minutes. I'll figure it out.

Aditya Shah  1:29  
Yeah. I mean, I can mute directly there if you want, if that's easier for you,

Andrew Robertson  1:37  
yeah, I'll let you know. I'll see what the train times are like. Yeah.

Andrew Robertson  1:44  
That's also only one bus.

Aditya Shah  1:46  
43 Yeah, 43 Yeah, if I can really 30 minutes. Let me double check Manchester. Yeah, cool. Let me double check right now direction. I want to arrive by 530. 30, okay, let's say 545

Aditya Shah  2:11  
30. Yeah, literally, like there's a 437 423 bus outside mine probably be 430 from yours.

Aditya Shah  2:40  
Show you the bus I'm planning on taking

Unknown Speaker  2:45  
to see

Andrew Robertson  3:06  
you excited Drew, yeah, man, really excited. I probably

Aditya Shah  3:13  
gonna have to step late tonight to get the screencast done.

Unknown Speaker  3:22  
Yeah, I can imagine the editing and stuff.

Unknown Speaker  3:24  
It's beautiful. Yeah. Are you

Aditya Shah  3:29  
going to finish your report before you go as well? Or are you going to just like, come and work on it next Wednesday?

Unknown Speaker  3:35  
Now it's almost finished, I'll probably do some touch ups.

Aditya Shah  3:40  
Go do the video. I have you done that? Not yet. I

Andrew Robertson  4:06  
out she's 22 years old. It's

Aditya Shah  4:20  
for have joining.

Andrew Robertson  4:36  
You know that guy's post for startup, and I put a comment on it, like, how are you going to manage tokens for this? Like, are you going to run this for he deleted the post. Which one is this guy with, like, a bug finding startup, like, a startup was trying to, like, find bugs in code bases. And I was like, Are you going to find bugs, like, token costs and stuff, Just wondering.

Speaker 1  5:18  
Do engineering, yeah, see, us.

Andrew Robertson  5:47  
You know, that's very good. You got your birthday? Do you have a makeup

Aditya Shah  5:52  
illegal, Yeah, which one the big one I got my birthday?

Andrew Robertson  6:02  
Yeah, didn't you get a massive look at yesterday? Didn't you get a massive like, legacy?

Aditya Shah  6:09  
Oh, no, that that was for, like, my final year project that wasn't for my personal use. Oh, your

Andrew Robertson  6:17  
parents got a few when they came up. No, no, my final year.

Aditya Shah  6:21  
Had To take that to school. I

Andrew Robertson  7:00  
sorry. You don't think this guy should try to sneak into the hackathon.

Aditya Shah  7:18  
No. I mean, I just feel horrible if he showed up and he showed up and he didn't get in. Have you not studied game theory, bro? Come on,

Andrew Robertson  7:30  
computational game theory, yeah, bro, think

Aditya Shah  7:33  
about what's like the equal everyone, the situation you it's where both teams, you know, we just show up with three people rather than four. Yeah. Then, what if, if Chris's friend books a plane ticket, comes and doesn't get it? I just feel like, if you had an awkward role, I

Andrew Robertson  7:50  
just feel like that's on up to him, though, like, if he doesn't get in, like,

Aditya Shah  7:56  
No, right? I think at the same time, I feel like, at the same time, we should just, like, you might call somebody hassle if you don't need the 100% you

Aditya Shah  8:10  
know, What is this lady doing? Her

Andrew Robertson  8:19  
VPN is cooked, apparently. We're

Aditya Shah  8:25  
going to shoot some content in Barcelona.

Unknown Speaker  8:30  
Yeah for the family approach,

Aditya Shah  8:33  
for the bathroom page.

Unknown Speaker  8:35  
So yeah, we should do that as well.

Aditya Shah  8:37  
I couldn't find any business events. Unfortunately, while we're

Andrew Robertson  8:42  
there Spanish, there's like

Aditya Shah  8:45  
a startup calf area, so we can go there whenever we, like, work.

Unknown Speaker  8:48  
Yeah, it's good find.

Aditya Shah  8:51  
We can just be like Hello, and they can be like hello and be like, money, please. And they'll be like, No, and we'll be like, Okay, thank you. I

Aditya Shah  9:15  
it, and then tomorrow, could we go hotel today? Haven't we? Yeah, yeah, do you much on tomorrow?

Andrew Robertson  9:33  
Tomorrow? No, dude, we're just gonna go to the hack for not me.

Aditya Shah  9:40  
I'll just do some work, yeah, but then Monday and Tuesday we can, like, do our own thing, if you want, like, we can go see some things. I mean, like, Tuesday, I don't really want to work, if that's okay, it's my birthday. Maybe we can just go, like, chill.

Aditya Shah  10:02  
Yeah. Yeah, well, looks like our. Our trip together came further than expected, though, three

Andrew Robertson  10:20  
university, so,

Aditya Shah  10:45  
did any of the hotel bookings include breakfast or like, do they have, like, a washing machine? You know,

Andrew Robertson  10:51  
I'm not sure. I don't know if the Airbnb is you could

Aditya Shah  10:54  
check if any washing machine recording me, a book. My, I'll pass my, my, my clothes. Conclusion,

Andrew Robertson  11:08  
yes, this one does have a washing machine. Which one the one for three days?

Aditya Shah  11:13  
Okay, perfect. I'll quickly then pack some washing pods, and I can take some extra. That's close. I can take a pod.

Andrew Robertson  11:21  
Just do one more if you want.

Aditya Shah  11:24  
Okay, I'll grab one as well. Give me a second one. But, yeah, go take one pod each. And then I'm gonna take, like, a bunch of undergarments then, and just, like, take less, like, shirts and bottoms. I'll just like,

Unknown Speaker  11:38  
I'll probably take four, four changes of clothes.

Aditya Shah  11:41  
Yeah, I'm gonna take one, Nidra and three, like three, three of the normal clothes. Do you think we need to take a towel, by the way, do you know if the Airbnb have a towel? Can you check that real quick?

Speaker 1  11:54  
Sorry, towel. Yeah, should do

Aditya Shah  12:07  
I know the hotel, yeah, it

Andrew Robertson  12:20  
comes with towels. Okay, perfect, cool.

Aditya Shah  12:29  
And I can't take any other questions I have now, if there's anything you need to ask, time, have you been to Barcelona before?

Andrew Robertson  12:48  
Yeah, once, twice, yeah, I went on music tour, once, secondary school?

Aditya Shah  13:01  
Yeah, yeah, have, I mean, there's no need for us then to have to see all the, oh yeah, the touristy stuff. Yeah, we can, we can go to the beach. That's what we can do, experience, yes, I quite like to go up again, though, to the, what do you call that? Like viewpoint, you know, like, it's like the, it's all marble and stuff. Is that part?

Unknown Speaker  13:21  
Oh, I've been there. I've been there. Could be,

Aditya Shah  13:26  
I'm not sure if it's in your Bible, we could might be worth going to that, you know? Yeah,

Andrew Robertson  13:50  
to go so 21 degrees in Manchester, yeah,

Aditya Shah  14:10  
you know, don't have any.

Andrew Robertson  14:15  
Oh and like Mr.

Aditya Shah  14:18  
Anderson unisex classes, I think,

Aditya Shah  14:28  
okay,

Andrew Robertson  14:37  
yeah,

Lynn Zhao  14:47  
I am so sorry. It just Aditya, why are you wearing sunglasses? You went blind. Okay, I'm so sorry. What were you guys talking about?

Aditya Shah  15:04  
We were just like, I was asking questions about Barcelona, so I knew I've had to book a towel if I had to, like, bring a washing forward. Nothing interesting.

Lynn Zhao  15:13  
All right, all right, I'll just share my screen and start talking about my slides, if you don't, if you don't mind, yeah.

Aditya Shah  15:21  
Do you mind putting yourself on mute? Because there's quite a bit of background noise. Thank you. Okay, noise from me now from like people cutting grass or no, then no, nothing.

Lynn Zhao  15:35  
Are you at home? Yeah, yeah.

Aditya Shah  15:38  
Okay, yeah. It turns out harder than I thought it'd be. I Okay,

Lynn Zhao  15:47  
let me start from stage one, okay, okay, this is internal alignment meeting. Today's agenda is literally first of all to understand what David has said. Because, according to Adi, everyone except for me, did not actually know, like, what, why David was like that, and like, what kind of information was exchanged. I'll like, give explanation that is, like, purely, purely based on the transfer, the transfer, transfer itself. The second thing is why? I'll explain why David is not completely correct that we should, like, treat his feedback as more like, of course, we take the valuable part but like, we literally discard the arrest and treat it as noise because he gave us partial truth and misinformation which is not very professional. The third thing is what we have learned from this, which is just, obviously one sentence, do not get intimidated, just because someone with, like, a golden name plated it on their forehead, sounds intimidating. Okay? And also, I'll like, introduce like, what, in my opinion, are some next steps to take and like, their priorities. Okay? First thing is, what, basically, he said that there is no hard evidence proving that the eight metacognitive attributes Basanite chose to measure can separate good from bad performers in technical roles. We need to prove that these constructs matter before building an entire assessment system around them. Okay? The second thing is, if different candidates get different questions, you cannot fairly compare those scores, and it doesn't matter how sophisticated your framework is underneath. The moment you vary the questions, you've lost the measurement equivalence that makes the comparison comparison defensible. Two things to note, he actually gave a bunch of misinformation here, and he made things sounds super scary, but two things to note, what do structured and unstructured interviews mean? Like, how do you define them? And the second thing is, is scientific back scientific best practice equivalent to legal requirement? Okay, keep these questions in mind. The third thing he said is that we shouldn't invent the wheel on human psychology, because psychologists have spent 150 years building validated tools for measuring how people think and perform. Now AI can change fast Human Nature doesn't. So rather than creating new constructs from scratch, we should build on what has already been validated. Okay, any question with these. Do we have any question with these? Yeah, okay, okay, if we don't have a question, I'm going to move on to why David is not completely correct. Now, everything I present here are purely backed on by research. Like, every single piece of information I provide here are taken from research papers and like, I've literally attached, like, links and stuff, you guys can can visit those links at your convenience. Okay, so for the point one and three, yes, partially true, to a great extent true, to validate the eight dimensions is risky, and it takes a long time. So our solution is very, very simple. Instead of ranking people based on their score, scoring across the eight metacognitive dimensions, we rank them based off of some established criteria. But on top of that, we also provide additional report of their performance on the eight metacognitive dimensions as assistive information for decision making. This is our added value. So on top of what traditional interviews do, we add that part of value to show you know decision maker that like there's some further differentiation. Because, like I said, many interviewers can have, like, 50 to 100 perfect they're differentiate them, and so they go for, like, meaningless trivia's. And this thing, this added value here, can definitely solve that problem that came from, like, a practitioner in the recruitment field. He is a career coach. He used to work in HR also, have been AC also, and I that that source is also citable. Okay, it's a YouTube video, but still, it's validated and by science, because we use the established criteria.

Aditya Shah  20:26  
Any question for this part, no, I love this. Lynn, that I was thinking about this only

Lynn Zhao  20:31  
very simple fix, yeah, very simple fix, yeah. Instead of so we literally on top of what we have now we just implement another module that's completely identical to what we're doing now. It's just we change the marking criteria and we change the prop and that

Aditya Shah  20:46  
kind of stuff, just to clarify, right? Correct me if I misunderstood this. So, I mean, in my head, as you know, when I was telling you guys, I thought, let's create, you know, different, two different versions of, you know, the metacognitive and non metag Negative. What you're saying is that we use the, you know, the established criteria, as you know, the main criteria, but then now meeting the metacognitive data not to be the main criteria, but to be the differentiator between, you know, yes, small gaps. Love it. Look this. I really can get on board with what about you drew? Do you agree? Can you get on board with

Speaker 2  21:19  
this as well based on some established criteria, because that's not the eight mesh cognitive dimensions. So we're implementing two

Lynn Zhao  21:26  
different so the established, the established criterias are what we what he called like, the O net stuff. Like, like, there are different evaluation metrics. Like, for now, we evaluate people under, for example, just the ability to make judgment under uncertainty and that kind of stuff. But he like, instead, we just choose some very basic stuff, like, I don't know, the big five, or that kind of stuff. There are many, there are many we should do our research, but we just, we don't, we don't put the innovation as the core ranking algorithm. We put that as, like, an ad, a piece of added value. Does that make sense?

Speaker 2  22:00  
Okay, so we're actually almost doing twice the work implement both systems.

Lynn Zhao  22:05  
We don't have to implement both system. It's, it's almost very similar to what you or what you have already been doing now, is that you take a coding assessment, you take a psychometric test, and you take, I don't know, some problem solving game, that kind of stuff. We can, we can literally make people go through, like, different rounds of interviews. Does that make sense? It's not double the work. It's literally the same work repeated.

Andrew Robertson  22:31  
Okay, so to addition on to the valuations, we're adding in some of those tests.

Lynn Zhao  22:39  
So okay, so we basically, we keep from from a technical point of view, we keep whatever feature we have now, and we add a an identical feature that, like, also puts people through a series of like, interview questions and stuff. But in the end, instead of ranking them like, for now, we rank them based off of the eight dimensions. But in the end, instead of ranking them based on the eight dimensions, we rank them based on an established criteria proven by science. And on top of that, their report. Their report is obviously going to have their scoring, but also the report is going to have, you know, their behavior under the eight dimensions. Does that make sense?

Andrew Robertson  23:18  
Okay? So to be clear, we're doing some semi structured version of assessment where some parts of it is structured like the status quo?

Lynn Zhao  23:29  
We are not. We're not getting into the structured and unstructured point. We're getting into the eight metacognitive dimensions. Well, we are evaluating people now are based off of the eight dimensions. And basically, David says we have no proof for that to work. And it is true that we cannot, in a long time, get a get a proof of that. So instead, instead of using those eight dimensions, we use some other proven dimensions. We use that to rank people. But for each, for each like, for the top five to 10% candidates, we also generate like a report for the hybrid to see. Now, in that report, we also going to show like that aspect of them, so on top of, on top of their performance on the established criteria, we also report on their performance about, you know, how they, how they performed under the eight dimensions. It's just that is not your criteria for judgment. That's like a piece of assistive information. It's a piece of information for the hirer to know. Basically, it's up to them to make the decisions whether like, because the ranking itself is not based on not proven stuff. Basically, does that make sense?

Unknown Speaker  24:35  
Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, all

Lynn Zhao  24:39  
right, for one and three, that's completely true for the second point he made, which is, if different candidates get different questions, you cannot fairly compare their scores. I'm going to comment Zero out of 10, gaslighting. Okay, before we get into the why, we have to define the terms what do? What do structured and unstructured interviews even mean? Okay, so this is, this is a piece of definition that I got. They're completely backed by papers. Okay, if this get wrong, I mean, I don't know what to say, like, it can't be wrong. But structured interviews, each respondent is asked exactly the same questions, add the sequence of the question at the exact same order, basically in the personnel selection context. Specifically, a structured interview is a process in which questions are predetermined. They're asked consistently to all candidates and will commonly include a ranking scale that are identical and they are associated with candidate's answers. Okay? The interview viewer does not deviate even the slightest bit from the script or pro beyond the answers received like they are literally just boss repeating the same thing, repeating the same thing. Okay? On structured interviews, on the other hand, they do not use any set questions. Instead, the interviewer asks open ended questions based on a specific research topic and tries to let the interview flow like an actual conversation. They multiply the questions to suit the candidate's specific experiences. They rely on, I don't know. Again, this part is taken from the paper. From the paper claims that they rely on social interaction between the researcher and the informant. Well, in reality, that's just that's just not true at all. Like, who makes judgment? Like No normal person makes judgment on their social interactions and stuff. You know, they basically claim that a traditional definition of unstructured interview is that there's no predefined frameworks or questions that structure the inquiry. Okay, anyone have

Andrew Robertson  26:49  
just one point so that social interaction is social, by definition, is between humans. You don't have a social interaction with an AI.

Lynn Zhao  27:00  
You have to realize this. This definition was made in the 1920s I am sorry to inform you,

Lynn Zhao  27:13  
non social, yeah, exactly, but I'm going to proceed. But this is the, this is the definition of unstructured interview. Basically, what David said is, as long as something does not fit the definition of a structured interview, 100% to the bid to the slightest bit it is an unstructured interview. Is that true? Though? First reason why he's bullshitting structured versus non structured is never black or white. There's literally a paper out there. I forgot to put the link. I'll do that later. I swear. I swear. Everything I put here is 100% based by research literature. Like there's no personal opinion or personal take on these. I don't even interpret them. Okay, there's literally a paper in 1994 that's super old as well established that interview structure exists on a four level continuum rather than a binary. So a level, one structured interview would be an interview with no constraints or questions or evaluation and yields of validity. Remember, we have to know the jargon validity means like, Okay, how valid your your interview is. Basically it is. It describes the one piece of interviews, ability to predict people's competency in actual work. Okay, level point two, level two is going to have some consistency in questions, but there's no standardized evaluation, so you ask the same questions, but you do not like score them consistently that gives a validity of no point three, five, level three would have standardized questions and some rating criteria that is consistent that reaches no point five, one and level Four, with full standardization, reaches no point five, seven. Now note that Basanite, where Basanite is currently at is arguably between level three and level four. Let's, let's just give it a very strict standard and call it level three, okay. Level four structure requests the exact same questions to be asked with no deviations or custom follow up questions and the scoring of each individual response is done with a pre established criteria. They're completely consistent. Okay, now we're gonna, we're gonna roughly define that Basanite is at level three. It is. The validity is no point 5451, let's just use the historical data for now, no point five one and level four is 9.57 The difference being no point no six. Okay. What caused the difference? Though, did the research gave us an answer, yes. It identifies two main mechanistic explanations for why this matters. First, memory and interpretation degradation, okay, because in these experiments, the interview was supposed will have to make judgments after the interview has concluded. Now that places a burden on their ability to memorize, to interpret and to you know, weigh cues properly that arises. You know that the cues that are arises throughout the interview in relation to each carded target construct. Now that is a human error. Second residual interviewer subjectivity in level three interviews still exercise judgment about follow up questions, which means different candidates can receive meaningfully different probing, even if the anchor questions are identical. This reintroduces a small but measurable source of variance that is unrelated to the construct being measured. However, this is also a human error, because human beings do not you cannot place a restriction on human on how human beings go about their their phrasing of their question, or like they're not as sensitive as the semantic and syntactic phrasing of their questions with AI that can be done, that can be minimized, so to speak. So in theory, at least 50% of that cause can be immediately wiped out, since ai do not have the biological infrastructure to introduce memory error, and on top of that, good training can minimize bias, subjective judgment. So far, any question makes sense to me? Yeah. There are also other researches that suggest averaging across three to four independent, unstructured interviews. Know that all these researches are based on the context that like the interviewer is human, okay, so if we average across three to four independent unstructured interviews, the validity is going to be roughly the same for predicting job performances as one single structured interview. So it basically says, you know, the only reason it basically prove that the only reason why

Lynn Zhao  32:06  
unstructured interviews cause the difference of no point no six is because of the existence of noise. You know, because taking many data points and average them out, is that your typical approach of go reducing noise. It doesn't mean that I'm going to put this I'm going to put this slide, bro.

Lynn Zhao  32:29  
This implies that what level four is really achieving is noise reduction through aggregation and constraint. And this is not something mystical about, you know, the identical question wording, if you can reduce noise through other mechanisms, like aI consistency, quotation anchored scoring, which is we, that's what we are already already doing, and construct based rubrics, which I believe we can refine it on some level, you may achieve equivalent validity without needing literal question, uniformity. Does this make sense? Okay, I'm going to move on to bringing more facts. I found one piece of study in 2024 on AI mediated assessments. It found a criterion related validity of no point to four for predicting a particular job performance, which is only slightly below top tier human structured interviews. It's scoring at that current state is already in the level two to three validity range. And Basanite, like I said, is arguably, arguably sits between level three and four. So, and that's just a prototype. We are going to introduce more human expert knowledge and more training data to improve its performance. So we can expect that to do, to do better than top tier human really. What is the, you know, AI's ability, oh, it's because, okay, you cannot compare the null, two, four thing to the like, the no five, one and no five, seven thing, because, first of all, they're they are in like, different settings, like, like, the validity, are calculated with the same formula. But you cannot, like, compare the results directly, because they are fields and stuff looking for different roles. They're taken at different times, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like a calculated result, but you can only compare the result within the same experiment. Okay? So, so we even have, like, AI assisted interview validity research that is our evidence. So far, everything shows literally everything shows that, like, you know, unstructured interview, like, okay, semi structured interview is only very, very slightly, you know, less valid than perfectly structured interview, and that less like, that small difference is only introduced by human error, or like, what we call noise, okay? And the second thing is, AI is or in 2024 it already does a good job. It's only slightly less than the top tier human performance. And I know, like from 2024 to 2026 AI's ability to, like, think, to make judgment, and that kind of stuff has already improved. I mean, it's 2024 chatgpt. Literally cannot count ours and strawberries. Okay, so that's another piece of evidence, really. Second reason why he's bullshitting and this, this part really annoys me. It annoys me because it shows that the only thing he cares about is about, like, intimidating us into changing our mind and and, like, shifting our model into a low risk aversion say that so so he can benefit without, like he can, he can get the financial profit without taking the the corresponding risk, which really annoys me. That's literally not why you're here, bro. Okay, single reason why he bullshitting. There's no law that requires interviews to be strictly structured. The professor overstated his case here what the law actually requires. Well, to London read, you have to the Equality Act prohibits discrimination. And so if anyone so, if any candidate, raises some kind of protest, and says, you know, a decision made, made by Basanite, is discriminative. We need to prove, you know, legitimate. We basically, we need to be able to justify our thing, okay, and and that's why a structured interview has a, what he called a lower legal risk, because in structured interviews, everything is documented consistently. Like, you literally fill out a questionnaire, and that questionnaire is like, kept, you know, in some way, shape or form. And so if people get rejected, or they get hired and they protest against it, the company itself can immediately draft out like, like, like, take out that piece of evidence that questionnaire and tell them, hey, you know, this is literally what you wrote here. We made our judgment based on this piece of written evidence. We can justify it, okay? Oh, shit. Once again.

Lynn Zhao  37:16  
The practical logic is, if a candidate claims that they were unfairly rejected an employer with structured interviews, consistent scoring and documented job relevance has a clear paper trail showing every candidate was treated identically. An employer without that documentation is in a much weaker position to defend the decision, and therefore unstructured interviews are harder to defend. Oh, shit. Again, I didn't finish the slides, but that I was about to put that is more of a documentation problem rather than a strong like a construct problem. Does that make sense? So for example, our current version of the report generation already does what we call a quotation anchored scoring, so each of your scoring is clearly quoted from your own answers. Like, how does that present any legal risk to anyone? You know, it's almost like whatever you said during the interview can be used against you in the courtroom. It's like that there's no risk of any like they can, literally cannot accuse us. They the only problem I can potentially see is that, you know, the AI may have an inference process that is like, you know, it's a classical black box problem, but, but with, how do we put it? The there's a there's an industry standard in AI to solve the black box problem is literally to output every step of thinking is to out for it to output the chain of thought. Does that make sense? And that, what is that part is completely documentable, so I don't think, yeah. So I don't think David made sense here. Okay, I didn't finish the slides, so I'm just gonna go back to the agenda. What we have learned, bro, just because someone sounds intimidating doesn't mean we have to immediately get scared and, like, think they have a point. And like, you know what it like? I said I was talking to Adi earlier today. I was saying, like, there's a lot of not even shady business. It's just the name of the game. People want what's best for themselves, but what's best for themselves may not necessarily align with our interest, so we really have to make intelligent decisions here, okay, but I low key take accountability for this because I was the person who suggested him. You know, I saw authority and I got authority. I what I wanted. I got my karma. And that's fine. That's fine. I think the next people, you know, the next networks that we reach out to, we have to cast some kind of constraint on them, not because we want like an echo chamber of yes men's, but it's more like, how do we put it? Did we did we get, like, useful information from David? Of course, of course, we pivoted our thing in a more wise direction. That was completely correct, that that's why he was there, and he served his purpose partially. Does that have to come with this such, such such a, I don't know, a bummer in morale. No, not necessarily like he could have been just like, polite, you know, punctual. He listen more and judges less, you know. And a lot of that I get that, a lot of that is because, first of all, he's not tech literate, so he cannot, literally cannot comment on anything else than his expertise. The second thing is, well, it's just innovation is not always welcomed. So I think next time, if we were to talk to anyone, we want them to be at least somewhat tech literate and also have an entrepreneurship mindset. Does that make sense? Can I?

Andrew Robertson  41:02  
But I think something about David Wright is, I think the way he saw this meeting was something like, even he said, this is like a lecture for you guys, like, I'm teaching you a semester's worth of knowledge. He's trying to teach us the bottom status focus.

Lynn Zhao  41:17  
We're not we're not just students

Andrew Robertson  41:19  
exactly, exactly. So it's more of a collaboration, and he was just trying to teach us stuff. And I also think the fact he brought along his PhD student, and he was almost like lecturing us in front of her, I think he kind of saw this opportunity as, yeah, let me teach these guys and impress my PhD student, or something like, I don't understand,

Lynn Zhao  41:41  
because I get what you're trying to say here. In fact, like I did talk to some, some of the friends of mine who have, like, a, like, a PhD degree in that kind of stuff. But sadly, not in psychology. No one I know does psychology. The closest I know is econ practically, like, typically, if a business wants to form some kind of direct collaboration with a scholar, it's very rare for the scholar to like engage with such opportunity himself, because business, like I said, it's risky, and no scholar is willing to like risk their reputation that kind of stuff. So what they do is that they put a close student of theirs and say, See, I introduce you a like, a project, an opportunity, and you can do the project. Because now one thing about scientific project is that whether you lose like, not even lose like, whether your hypothesis hold or not, the outcome of that can be used as evidence for some future experimentation. So it's always valuable. Like, you can, you can experiment on the on the there's literally one piece of paper that that tests whether, like, frozen human feces can be used as weapons. It's super gross, but it's still, it's still published, and like, the answer is, no, it's frozen. Frozen shit is too soft to cut, but like it seemed, and you can tell why it seemed valuable, because it provided evidence for something here so other people, if other people want to study, you know the use of frozen feet

Lynn Zhao  43:21  
is that whatever you achieve can also prove to have some can always prove to have some kind of value. And that's probably why he included his PhD students first place. Because, you know, apparently he's very, very risk repellent.

Andrew Robertson  43:35  
Yeah, totally. Okay, so let's think about what kind of things we're going to do next? Should we have a talk with them and tell them all this stuff?

Aditya Shah  43:44  
And so, yeah, can I real quick drew like, I mean, we haven't really burned bridges with him. Neither has it became very from what we I think he,

Lynn Zhao  43:58  
Loki burned us with us. It's almost like, like, when we finish,

Aditya Shah  44:03  
if you don't mind, yes, I'm just saying that. But it's also pretty, you know, clear as a team, that it's not as if, you know, even if we did burn, reduce them, it would, it would affect us too much. So, I mean, I'm gonna, wanted to say what Drew's about to say, which is, what is the harm in us, just like, you know, all this data you've connected to say he's wrong about those points, what's wrong, and that's just sharing that with him and seeing what he comes back with, even if it's just an email exchange or it's a talk, because you never know again, you could learn one or two things, right, and that we can apply to it.

Lynn Zhao  44:33  
No, I would strongly, I would strongly advise against this. In fact, if you were to do it, do not include me. I will not show up. It's because I think he, he the way he went about this is low key disrespectful. I do not want to disrespect myself. And also, I do not think he has the capacity or the intention to innovate on anything really. I think he sees this more as an opportunity. And whenever the opportunity involves any risk, he's going to cheese it. And we do not want that kind of person involved in any part, like, like, if you, if you want to involve someone as a decision making partner, at least that person is should be able to take risks or take accountability at some level you get, I'm saying that's why, that's why AI should never be put in a decision making place, because it can sound very good, but at the end of the day, it cannot be held accountable for its suggestions

Aditya Shah  45:35  
so well, I was thinking again, I'm not gonna, you know, go and undermine you if it's if you are, compete against it.

Lynn Zhao  45:41  
But I know you, I know you're thinking that it's such a, you know, a rare opportunity that we

Aditya Shah  45:48  
not even that bad. The thing can you like, forget about now the product side, right? But like you said, even if I don't think we need to get involved as a decision maker, I'm with you on that 100% Lynn, but from a knowledge number, I'm like, what I would just be interested, for example, like, because, again, that's because I have no option at the moment, again, I have

Lynn Zhao  46:06  
any knowledge that he can give us

Aditya Shah  46:08  
that I was wondering, for example, was you notice to tell me? Like, can you just tell me your experience about, you know, what is it like? You know, developing psychometric tests and testing for these companies. Please just consult me. Right? You want,

Lynn Zhao  46:18  
you want him to give us another free lecture,

Aditya Shah  46:21  
yeah, like, I don't know, like, what's your thoughts? But I, I mean, even if I found one or two things, like, again, that's just my personality. Though, I don't care if somebody spends, you know, 30% of time speaking Bush, as long as I get some value out of it.

Lynn Zhao  46:34  
Again, getting any value out of it. Because here's the thing, Aditya, here's the thing, there are knowledge that are educational and there are knowledge that are manipulational. That's not even a word like this. It's just like the intention of giving knowledge. It matters, okay? Because if it's an educational piece of information, it's intended for the audience to make the best decision. If a piece of knowledge comes from a manipulative point of view. At the end, the intention is always going to make the audience to do something that benefits the sender of that knowledge. Does that make sense? Why would he at his position? He's a professor in psychology. He knows very well that structured and unstructured interviews are not binary. He knows that very well. It's not like the researchers I included are like super cutting edge ones. They are fairly old, honestly, like a paper from two years ago is not so fresh. I'm going to be very frank. Why would he give us partial truth and misinformation and tries to intimidate us with something as exaggerated as a legal case, is the question here, did he even have the intention to educate us?

Aditya Shah  47:47  
I think he's just arrogant, yeah, but that's any academics. That's not academics. And I mean,

Speaker 2  47:55  
there's no other reason, right? He just thinks we know nothing, and then he wants to show

Lynn Zhao  48:01  
us I am arrogant, but I am not I am arrogant, but I will never give misinformation to people with quote, unquote, shallow expertise.

Unknown Speaker  48:10  
So think he was being like, dramatic,

Lynn Zhao  48:17  
yeah, why we? Why would he do that? It's almost like he's not aware that he's he's not just, he's not using his power properly. That's, let's just put it that way.

Aditya Shah  48:26  
Okay, okay, I'm not gonna waste any more time. Okay, I'm not gonna waste any more time on discussing this then, Okay, moving on. We'll find other people to talk to, right? Lynn, what's the next step? What's the next steps? In regards to, are you okay with that? We carry out. I assume you, is that okay? Do you agree with that as well? We'll just, yeah, perfect. Go on. Lynn, yeah, please go on.

Lynn Zhao  48:49  
Okay. Again, I am not in a position of telling you guys what to do, but I think the next step, the most recent action we can take, is that we, you know, refine the probe. I will do the research. I'll find some commonly used, established criteria, you know, just the regular, normal stuff, and then I'll write an updated version of MVP specification for Drew to web, coded as, and then we'll have, like, an improved version of our MVP. That's the first thing, and literally, the rest is just we proceed with Okay, another thing, another thing I wanted to say, but this is not of any okay, if we can't do it, we can do it. It's good that we have. We can prove it on a small scale. The thing is, remember, I said that all the current research literatures support that unstructured or semi structured. Let's say level three structured. Level three structured interviews are likely less than human judgment. Now, I am 100% sure that corporate is willing to sacrifice this because, first of all, it's purely noise. Again, I may be too subjective here it's greatly noise, since it can be reduced by noise canceling methods. So I'm going to say a great, a great percentage of it is noise. Now our customers are, of course, willing to exchange that, you know, very, very small level of compromise, invalidity and exchange of automation that is very, very good. But one thing well, first of all, you know, like we discussed yesterday, the completely non AI able bot can also perform automation, and it provides a structured interview that that is, in fact, our biggest issue here is that is that AI automation is like in AI, and automation is not necessarily better than like bought automation, unfortunately. And so we have to prove on some way that our like semi structured method, I actually think our semi structured method is like at its core structure. It's just the questions are not worded literally the same. It has a consistent marking criteria. It has like all the anchoring questions are at the end the same. Again, I'll refine the prompt as well to make it like less unstructured, I guess, but we have to prove, on some level. We have to have some evidence that this can achieve good validity. And my thought is that I'm going to propose an experimentation to some professor, definitely not David Hughes, some professor or some research institute. And I'm willing to let whoever, okay, whoever's willing to supervise that, I will let him be the first author that's that's like, we that's just the way how you go about it, like you do the job for them, for them to, like, sign their names on it. It's just like a necessary sacrifice. We do that, and once we have that paper published, we are 100% backed by science. This, though, is going to take a little bit of time, and it completely does like it does, I don't think it hinders fundraising at all, because that's absolutely something like I said, you can provide evidence for anything, and that's absolutely something we can talk about in the process of fundraising. We shouldn't stop getting clients. We shouldn't stop applying for accelerator programs.

Andrew Robertson  52:28  
Does that make sense? Just to note, so I can speak with my dad, I think he has some connections within like University of Alabama or some other like California universities, if we're looking for specifically American entrepreneur professors, it's potential that I could potentially find someone who might want to assist us. The incentive being that they would be on the product. They would get mentioned aura from that whatever. So I could try to find people. They'd be, like, super American. So like transactional, right?

Lynn Zhao  53:06  
But that should give us some perspective. I don't like transactional. I don't mind right? Personally, I don't mind transactional at all, because it's just, like I said, a necessary sacrifice, and we don't have much capital here. But like, as long as we can get our thing back. We should be fine. We should 100% be fine.

Andrew Robertson  53:24  
Yeah, it would be a favor from my dad so and then, oh, thank you.

Andrew Robertson  53:30  
So that's incentive for them.

Lynn Zhao  53:35  
Thank you. Aditya, do you have? Why is Adi frowning?

Aditya Shah  53:43  
No, I'm not frowning. I'm just upset because I get keep getting emails in the background and I'm like, please stop emailing me people.

Lynn Zhao  53:53  
That's literally what people do when they got Jules Cody. I don't really

Aditya Shah  54:00  
have any comment to be honest. Like it's not really me anything from anything for me to comment. I mean, like, I'm pretty happy with what you guys are saying. I mean, the only thing I would have thought from my side is about the product details. So I can start, you know, put in some stuff online about it, but you said you want to make a specification. So in parallel, while drew makes any fixes, I can just start pumping out some content and start shouting about what we're doing,

Lynn Zhao  54:24  
we also need to plan how we go about the collaboration opportunities that drew staff is going to bring to us.

Aditya Shah  54:33  
Yeah. I mean, one step at a time, right? Let's see, first of all, Drew establish connection, right? So I don't want to go into that too much right now, I think as well next, and I think this kind of comes from the David thing, we need to get like 10 really good early adopters, I think as well, you know, equally now, when we, you know, start getting customers now, which touch, what we do, you know, early adopters. You know, I said, You guys are real. Let's get like 210, quality people who we know are going to give us feedback that then we can scale this, right? So I think, you know, let's go to this hackathon this week, and me, Andrew, it'd be good Monday, Tuesday, try and pump out, start pumping out some Basanite content, personal brand stuff, and then next week, I mean, I'm just going to start bombarding, you know, whoever you know we can in regards to users and, you know, scholars, you know, to help us with this. And I think the other thing is, in regards to users, I mean drew, I mean, I'll be with you this weekend, so I'll know when you get it done. But I think it's just important now, you know, we get people like gurk. We get as many friends as possible, many people see us as possible. Especially for example, just get people start using this thing, giving us feedback and collecting reviews and getting it on LinkedIn as much as possible, you know, start shouting and raving about it. Because, I mean, it's the 23rd of April, guys, we've got YC on the fourth of May, we've got VFA on the fourth of May. We need to start making some noise, right? And, you know, as you said, Lynn, I mean, no, I don't think anyone's gonna legally look into our thing other than yc. So I'm yc. So, I mean, as long as it's sound that's all about, we need to start creating some hype right around our product.

Andrew Robertson  56:08  
We make certificates, right? They run through the process. We give them a score on the LinkedIn.

Aditya Shah  56:14  
Yeah, so stuff like this, guys, we need to create some hype over the next one week.

Lynn Zhao  56:20  
Yeah? Sure, I actually liked your idea. Everybody's obsessed with certifications, so yeah, and I need

Aditya Shah  56:29  
to think of something for that conference, because I'm spending the last 30 seconds talking about ordering, but maybe, like, use QR code to check out our website. Feel like that's a bit underwhelming. Like, feel free to get your free you know, you know, like, a certificate or something right now, using our website or, you know, join our English, some kind call to action, right? I don't people just, oh, okay,

Lynn Zhao  56:48  
okay, maybe instead of, maybe instead of certifications, because I don't know, like, some people, like David's just gonna, like, you don't have the qualification to issue anything. So maybe instead of a certification, we give them, like, like, an analysis to their working style, that kind of stuff, because everyone loves to, like, learn about themselves. That's literally how tablet astrology works. Yeah, something

Aditya Shah  57:13  
perfect, yeah. And I guess we just collect emails as well. I think I know it sounds bad, but please, can you add some feature where we collect people's emails on database? Emailing lists are so underrated. They're like, so powerful. I mean, not that we will ever sell one, but a 10,000 person email list is literally worth 10 grand. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  57:39  
So let's sign up to a mail list.

Aditya Shah  57:42  
It's mandatory, yeah,

Andrew Robertson  57:47  
I know people have done

Aditya Shah  57:49  
that stuff. Yeah, just be like, duty, call join our mail list for your future. You know you can keep in the loop with Basanite and our journey. You know you may get free pizza. Yeah, we have free giveaways and stuff, yeah, cool. I mean, jokes aside, guys. I mean, there's real value to ourselves as people. I mean, I know there'll be first years and second years dying to get, you know, glimpse of feedback, you know, or a lecture from Drew, you know, it could be a simple thing, as you know, do this, you know, if you, if you got above 80% in our Basanite, you know thing you get invited to this, you know, seminar with Drew to find out how to get into likes of Jane Street and trade desk, right? There's lots of different avenues. I just need a bit of space now, as I said, in my mind, just, you know, move away from moving your project and have my there's a lot of ways to get people on board. We have a lot of valuable assets. And, I mean, we haven't even explored, bro, oh, my god, Chrome in I need to sit down. But there is, there is a lot of stuff we can do with that to create some hype as well. You know, using that to do some automated, you know, LinkedIn post, automated marketing, copywriting for us, emailing research. Yeah. So as I said,

Lynn Zhao  59:02  
Yeah, at the same time, I think the best thing I can do is, first of all, like, I said, find, like, the best new evaluation criteria. And the second thing is, I need to propose. I need to drop the proposal for the experimentation we're gonna, we're gonna do, and I send it to Drew's dad's connection, yeah.

Aditya Shah  59:20  
I said I'm going to put together a pitch deck for our business. I think that's bit overdue. I think as well, guys, we need to get I still feel like seeing Chris Carr over the place. I don't think we're in the position to properly context engineer our business. Let's start, you know, fix it over the next couple of days, as me Andrew at the hackathon after it, getting all documents, getting all, you know, everything in the right place. So it's really easy to start context engineering, AI with, with, with Basanite, you know. But that being said, Look, even again, you know, we end up having to pivot for some reason on Sunday night or Saturday, you know, that's the patience is still there. But I do feel, hopefully, touched when we have a lot more clear direction now. So let's start getting, you know, the commercial side going, Okay, I think, I think, yeah, it's already growth, perfect. Okay, take care guys. I will see you later. Drew, okay, one thing, one thing,

Lynn Zhao  1:00:17  
one thing, one one thing. Before you go, I know we're all, like, very excited about yc. We're all focused and stuff. But, like, I do want to repeat myself that we don't have to limit ourselves to yc. We should draft, like, a whole list of accelerators. I mean, like, institution, yeah, that may, like, be interested to our project. It's really, you know, the more the better. I mean, it's not really a numbers. There's like first timers were first timer.

Aditya Shah  1:00:47  
There's like six already on, like, the the website. I mean, I mean, YC, you know, people tend to get on their second or third attempt. For our thing, I think, I mean, touch what it would be, YC, but we just need, like, a couple grand right to get us through to the end of summer so we can get this, you know, properly marketed all and then, as I said, we can then decide if the YC, Sequoia Capital, I'm joking, or, you never know, maybe next week with what do you call stripe VC, right? We can then decide with the correct partner. And I think as well, you know, bring into YC, you know, I said, Lynn, there's probably gonna have to be some strategic partner. We need to bring on board. Right? To bring on board, right because of the we're so young and there's so much more business for the area that we probably have to bring on some two or three people for 5% each. But anyway, that's, that's a conversation for another day. Well, I'll see you later. Lynn, I mean, we will probably not have a basite meeting now till Monday, but we will call you in general, you know, on Friday, Saturday and Sunday, to let you know how we can all the hackathon, you know, keep you in the loop. Thank you. Perfect. Good. Okie dokie guys. Anything else, anyone has any points or any remarks, and then, as I said out to earlier, like, you know, amazing work you're doing me, Andrew, are definitely, you know, knowing that we need to get up to your gear. We you were cracked yesterday. Honestly cracked the amount of prep you did, and also what you've done today, being able to so quickly, so quickly, be able to sense that information give us direction. So good. Because, I mean, I mean, you made a very good point. You know, are we not problem as to what he said yesterday? I mean, I just mean me, Andrew. Just mean by somebody, by themselves. We could have easily got, you know, gas and into following his direction. It's good that we're sticking to our guns, and we have the evidence why we need to do so, right? So, good job.

Andrew Robertson  1:02:30  
What's your sales strategy?

Aditya Shah  1:02:31  
Sales strategy, right now, I'm thinking, you know, cold emailing businesses like, we have the billion now to make really good cold emails. So, you know, the likes, not perplexing, the likes of, like, fuzzy labs, or other local Manchester businesses, SMEs, continue with that. Other thing is, and I think this is the best thing we need to just build in public, start posting stuff on LinkedIn, which is down to me, posting stuff, and people will naturally call, because the early adopter stuff you're looking people that just have, you know, that, I guess not broken cell but they have that personality where they like new stuff and they, you know, there are people who are going to get the next new thing right, and that will come more from Tiktok and Instagram reels, I feel rather necessarily, trying to figure out, you know, our character profile and email them, right? So we have to do those both in parallel. Yeah, I said we'll make some good post this weekend for for Basanite Over, over the weekend. Yeah, and start posting the

Andrew Robertson  1:03:26  
AI that the person talks to. Can we call it as Sure?

Aditya Shah  1:03:32  
Yeah. And Lynn, do you think it would be possible like to start making some, like, carousels, or interesting carousels? Was, like, your we've done a lot of paper research stuff. Like, to start, like, putting this on there. Like, you know, I don't know, the last report of psychometric testing was, like, 1920s here, where it's bullshit. We need to change, you know, stuff like that. I feel like that might, you know, create some, I don't know, academic, yeah, sure.

Lynn Zhao  1:03:59  
I can. Well, like, oh,

Aditya Shah  1:04:05  
another professor, you know, beefing in the comments, you know, so, yeah,

Lynn Zhao  1:04:13  
oh, I'm so scared compensation for this shit, yeah?

Aditya Shah  1:04:19  
But oh, let's, let's leverage LinkedIn. So yeah, cool, perfect guys. Chat to you soon, then take care. Bye, bye. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
